Project Title

Project Graphic

Group Name (if applicable)
Name(s) of Designer(s)
Cedarcrest High School
Date
 
1.0	Introduction (2 points)
1.1	Introduction paragraph(s) gives an overview of the project.  Tell what the project is in general and specific terms.

2.0	Target Market (2 points)
2.1	Give a description of who would use the product and / or a customer list.  (It could be a design for one specific user.)

3.0	Requirements (4 points)
3.1	Tell what requirements you were trying to have your project meet.
3.2	Give specific and appropriate supporting details.  Use as many paragraphs as needed to fully explain.  (You may also embed screen shots.)

4.0	Product Ideas (4 points)
4.1	How did you come up with your product?  What were some ideas you had when developing your design?
4.2	Describe how you decided on the project, how you met the  requirements with your design.

5.0	Product Sketches (4 points)
5.1	Include your sketches and descriptions of those sketches.  (The sketches can be in the appendix.)

6.0	Success in Creating Product (4 points)
6.1	Answer the question: How successful were you in creating the product?
6.2	Give specific and appropriate supporting details.  Use as many paragraphs as needed to fully explain.  (You may also embed screen shots.)

7.0	Lessons Learned (4 points)
7.1	Answer the question: What lessons did you learn (at least 2) that were not modeling or rendering skills.  Such as what you would do again and what you would not do again.
7.2	Give specific and appropriate supporting details.  Use as many paragraphs as needed to fully explain.  (You may also embed screen shots.)

8.0	Skills Learned (4 points)
8.1	Answer the question: What specific technical skills did you learn?  And tell how you would teach at least one skill.
8.2	Give specific and appropriate supporting details.  Use as many paragraphs as needed to fully explain.  (You may also embed screen shots.)

9.0	Description of Product Drawings (2 points)
9.1	Describe the drawings that you have for your project.  Point out specific details in your drawings of how your project met the requirements you set out to meet.

10.0	Product Drawings (6 points)
10.1	Include product drawings with appropriately filled in title blocks, dimensions, notes, etc.


11.0	Product Renderings and/or Physical Models (4 points)
11.1	Put together enough renderings to show off your product.  (3)  These renderings (and /or pictures of physical models) must show case the product in the best light for customers or potential customers to want to obtain the product.  Also give a short explanation of how you would go about appealing to customers (1). 
Appendix/Notes

You can put other notes or thoughts into the Appendix/Notes section.  These are thoughts or notes that do not fit into the other categories but add to the understanding of the product.  The Appendix/Notes section may be deleted if not used.

By the way, edit the header (put the title of your project) and footer (replace “Name” with your name so that it appears on each page).
